Something happened to Dongxi Ginseng? What happened?
After the East-West ginseng incident occurred, we are now reviewing the code,
President Jian Tiansu has now been reborn,
Just say it’s due.
That's true. Is he okay?
This situation now probably reminds me of human feelings.
Then why are you waiting to save him?
Wang Wei, I won't help you, but you dare to betray me.
Speaking of Tiansu, I can't help it, it all means upward.
What exactly does Grassland He want to do?
However, you have been used to it by the police, so you have to make some guarantees.
Good Yuanhe, how dare you because of me,
You tricked me into going to the nuclear strike dock,
Then he attacked from behind with this trick
So what?
You promised to marry Jiang Shi to Busy
Then I changed my hands and used it to explore what the problem was.
Damn it, you're a piece of trash like this.
Did you hear it?
Who is the first person to mention that people are cultivating?
Sorry Jiang Shi
You're a bastard
If it weren't for weakness, it wouldn't be there
It’s hard for you to have a chance to look at me at this moment
I'm sorry, miss.
I'm afraid I'm going to disappoint you Haige
It's been a while with us already